# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:** 30.1.2025
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
We went through our work and it looked good.

### Action points
We got a recommendation that we should select only three table to implement to database.




## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:** 17.2.2025
* **ASSISTANTS:** Mika Oja

### Minutes
Overall, the database implementation and planning were great. Some suggestions for fixes and modifications to the project structure, code, comments, layout, and files were discussed and are specified below.

### Action points
- Standardization of project structure
- Standardization of code, comments and layout (style)
- Add .gitignore files
- Delete unnecessary files from the remote repository




## Meeting 3.
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:** Iván

### Minutes
The project implementation was good overall, there wer only some parts which needed better explanation. also some bonus parts needed changes.

### Action points
- Explain Uniform interface better
- In requests add some explanation of the parameters
- Change authentication to Token authentication




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE:** 
* **ASSISTANTS:** Iván

### Minutes
Hypermedia part was implemented correctly, documentation needed some modifications.

### Action points
- Add body in the errors.
- Remove error 500 in documentation


## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




